The Second More-or-Less-Annual "Stupid RenderMan Tricks" Contest
----------------------------------------------------------------

When is it?

  During the RenderMan User's Group meeting at SIGGRAPH 2000.
  That is, Wednesday, July 26, 7:00 (refreshments start at 6:30).
  If you want to attend the user group, please RSVP to
  renderwoman@pixar.com, and she'll send you the info.


What is it?

  Beginning at the RMan User's Group meeting of SIGGRAPH '99, we let
  people submit ideas for fun tips and tricks, then selected the
  best five and allowed the submitters several minutes each at
  the podium with a microphone and overhead projector.  The users
  who were selected to speak thrilled and amazed us all.  Now we're
  doing it again.


What did people talk about last year?

  David Bock (NCSA) - volume visualization shading
  Ivan DeWolf (Rhythm & Hues) - gloopy displacement shading
  Katsuaki Hiramitsu (as himself) - butt-kicking cloud shaders
  Doug Epps (Tippett) - things never to try with motion blocks
  Tom Duff (Pixar) - using blobbys for rain in A Bug's Life


How do I enter?

  Easy.  First, think of something cool you'd like to talk about.  It
  could be a neat shader technique, a renderer or an extension thereof,
  an MTOR trick, a clever way to munge RIB files, a tool you've written,
  hints, tips, and war stories from productions, whatever.  In short,
  anything remotely related to RenderMan and its use and that would be
  interesting to TD's and other users of RenderMan renderers.

  Second, you write up a short description (a couple paragraphs is okay)
  and send it to lg@pixar.com and lg@bmrt.org (yes, please use both
  email addresses, so I can read it wherever I check mail).  Clearly
  mark the subject of the email as "Stupid RMan Tricks Submission."
  Attaching images, or pointing me to a web page, is fine.  All
  submission materials will be strictly confidential.  Send submissions
  before Friday, July 7, 2000.

  An elite team of renderer authors headed by lg will judge the 
  submissions, choosing the coolest 5-6 for presentation at the user 
  group meeting.  You will be notified of our decision by July 10.
  All decisions by the jury are final!


What happens if the jury likes my submission?

  Chosen presenters get 5-10 minutes in front of the other users at the
  user group meeting, an overhead projector, a videotape player,
  and an open mike.  Dazzle us, confuse us, make us smart!

  For those materials that you're allowed to distribute (example shader
  code or whatever), I'll also set up a web site on which we can put 
  the materials so that others may access them after the meeting.


Are there prizes?

  Yes.


Can I just show my demo reel?

  NO!  It's not enough to just show pretty pictures.  You need to say
  how they were done, ideally with figures, shader code fragments,
  vigorous hand-waving, etc. 


Does it really have to be "stupid?"

  No, we want clever.  I was just trying to be funny.  But the jury
  will be biased toward presentations that exhibit a sick and twisted 
  sense of what can be done with RenderMan.  Bonus points and special
  preference will be given to proposals that cause jurors to say any 
  of the following out loud:

        "I never would have thought of that."
        "Wicked cool!"
        "I've gotta try this out."
        "I didn't know you could do that with my renderer."
        "Are they nuts?  What are they smoking down there in L.A.?"
        "Huh?" [while squinting and cocking head to side]


Enter early.  Enter often.  See you all at SIGGRAPH,

        -- lg

-- 
Larry Gritz                                     Pixar Animation Studios
lg@pixar.com                                    Richmond, CA
